Add docs for the new kops reconcile cluster command (#17191)
kubernetes/kops: docs/tutorial/upgrading-kubernetes.md

# Upgrading kubernetes

## **NOTE for Kubernetes >1.31**

> Kops' upgrade procedure has hostorically risked violating the [Kubelet version skew policy](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/#kubelet). Between `kops update cluster --yes` and every kube-apiserver being rotated with `kops rolling-update cluster --yes`, newly launched nodes running new kubelet versions could be connecting to older `kube-apiserver` nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kops' upgrade procedure has historically risked violating the [Kubelet version skew policy](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/#kubelet). After `kops update cluster --yes` completes and before every kube-apiserver is replaced with `kops rolling-update cluster --yes`, newly launched nodes running newer kubelet versions could be connecting to older `kube-apiserver` nodes.
```

**Violating this policy when upgrading to Kubernetes 1.31 can cause newer kubelets to crash.** [This kubernetes issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/127316) provides details though it was not addressed because the change does not actually violate the version skew policy, it merely breaks tooling that was already violating the policy.

To upgrade a cluster to Kubernetes 1.31 or newer, use the new `kops reconcile cluster` command introduced in Kops 1.31. This replaces both `kops update cluster --yes` and `kops rolling-update cluster --yes`.

`kops reconcile cluster` will interleave the cloud provider updates of `kops update cluster --yes` with the node rotations of `kops rolling-update cluster --yes`.

It is comparable to the following sequence:
1. `kops update cluster --instance-group-roles=control-plane,apiserver --yes`
2. `kops rolling-update cluster --instance-group-roles=control-plane,apiserver --yes`
3. `kops update cluster --yes`
4. `kops rolling-update cluster --yes`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `kops update cluster --prune --yes`
```

> 5. `kops update cluster --prune --yes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `kops update cluster --prune --yes`

```
My bad, we need an extra line break in here to fix the list formatting.

# Roll the apiserver nodes
$ kops rolling-update cluster --yes --instance-group-roles control-plane,apiserver

# Apply everything else
$ terraform apply

# Roll the remaining nodes
$ kops rolling-update cluster --yes
```

## Upgrades before Kops 1.31

Upgrading kubernetes is very easy with kOps, as long as you are using a compatible version of kOps.
The kOps `1.30.x` series (for example) supports the kubernetes 1.28, 1.29, and 1.30 series,
as per the kubernetes deprecation policy. Older versions of kubernetes will likely still work, but these
are on a best-effort basis and will have little if any testing. kOps `1.30` will not support the kubernetes
`1.31` series, and for full support of kubernetes `1.31` it is best to wait for the kOps `1.31` series release.
We aim to release the next major version of kOps within a few weeks of the equivalent major release of kubernetes.
We try to ensure that a pre-release (alpha or beta) is available at the kubernetes release date, for early adopters.

> Upgrading kubernetes is similar to changing the image on an InstanceGroup, the kubernetes version is

Reviewer: I think the language here was clearer with "except that".
